Your password is so weak, it's basically just a suggestion.
Your password has more holes than a piece of Swiss cheese.
That password wouldn't even keep a toddler out.
Wow, your password is so predictable I guessed it while I was blinking.
I didn't know you were entering a password in Morse code: short, short, long, weak.
Your password looks like something my dog would type if he had a keyboard.
If laziness were a password, it'd be yours.
Your password is like a door that's unlocked... in a high-crime neighborhood.
Oh, you used your birthday? How original.
That password is the digital equivalent of leaving the front door wide open.
I've seen better security on my microwave.
I feel safer locking my bike with a spaghetti noodle than using your password.
Your password is so bad, it should come with a disclaimer.
Ah, a password that screams "I gave up".
You've truly outdone yourself in making the world's easiest password to crack.
If passwords were jokes, yours would be the punchline.
Your password's about as strong as a wet paper towel.
I didn't know "insecure" was a personality trait until I saw your password.
Your password is like putting a "do not enter" sign on an unlocked door.
That's a password? More like a welcome mat.
Even a caveman would know to use a stronger password.
Your password looks like you gave up halfway through.
That password has the same energy as leaving your car keys in the ignition.
Wow, your password is so easy even my grandma could hack it—and she still uses a rotary phone.
I didn't know people still used their pet's name as a password.
Your password has the strength of a damp tissue.
I've seen stronger defenses on a soap bubble.
You know there's a difference between "password" and "open sesame", right?
Your password is so simple I feel like I should send it a "Get Well Soon" card.
I've seen better protection on a flip phone from 2002.
Your password is like a handshake-firm and meaningless.
Wow, your password is only slightly better than writing it on a sticky note and putting it on your monitor.
If your password were a superhero, it'd be called "Captain Compromise".
That password is so generic it should come in a white box labeled "password".
If security were a game, you'd be playing on easy mode with that password.
You've really embraced the spirit of "why even bother?" with that password.
Is your password "guess me"?
Your password is so weak, even a toddler with a Fisher-Price laptop could crack it.
That password isn't even trying. And neither are you.
Your password is the online equivalent of using a screen door for security.
I didn't realize passwords could be this fragile.
Your password should come with an apology.
That password is as useful as a chocolate teapot.
Your password is so obvious, I bet your WiFi is named "hack_me".
Is that your password or a random thought you had while making it?
Your password is so weak, I almost feel bad for it. Almost.
If bad passwords were an art, you'd be Picasso.
Your password makes me feel unsafe just looking at it.
Your password has the security strength of a paperclip.
That password has less defense than a jellyfish in a boxing ring.
Your password is so weak it probably has self-esteem issues.
I didn't know "open sesame" was still in vogue for passwords.
Your password is the equivalent of hiding under a blanket and calling it "security".
That password is like a speed bump—it slows hackers down for about 2 seconds.
Your password is like a guard dog that's asleep.
I've seen stronger passwords written on Post-it notes.
You know, you could've at least tried.
Your password wouldn't keep a squirrel out of your account.
Is your password made out of wet tissue paper?
Your password might as well be "hack_me".
That password is practically an invitation.
You're not hiding your account—you're just delaying the inevitable.
Your password is about as secure as an unlocked bike in a bad neighborhood.
The only thing that could make your password easier to guess is if you told me it.
I didn't know we were competing for "worst password"--congrats on winning.
Your password feels like a test, and you definitely failed.
That password is so weak it probably cries itself to sleep at night.
Your password is like a scarecrow—looks useful, but easily bypassed.
Your password is like a locked door... with the key still in it.
If this were a competition for bad passwords, you'd have the gold medal.
Your password is so weak, I'm surprised it hasn't just given up.
That password is the definition of "bare minimum".
Your password is so easy to guess, it's practically a riddle.
You're using that password in 2024? Bold move.
If I were a hacker, I'd send you a thank-you card.
Your password is basically an open invitation.
Your password is giving me secondhand embarrassment.
That password is just as insecure as a high school freshman.
I've seen stronger passwords in fortune cookies.
Your password would lose in a fight with a toddler's scribble.
Your password is so bad it makes me want to call IT... for you.
That password has the strength of a noodle in hot water.
Your password is like a cardboard shield-flimsy and easily destroyed.
If your password were a person, it'd be the first one caught in hide and seek.
You've really raised the bar for bad passwords.
Your password wouldn't last five minutes in the wild.
That password has about as much protection as an umbrella in a hurricane.
Your password is like a house of cards—one wrong move and it all falls apart.
That password is so weak, I wouldn't trust it to lock up my lunchbox.
Your password would be better as a joke than as security.
Your password is practically begging to be hacked.
It's a wonder how you haven't been hacked.
Seriously? Like seriously.
Oh my.....what a great password! NOT!!!
I'm sorry, were you even trying?
No no no no no. Wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong.
You're the reason password rotations exist.
I hope your social security number gets leaked
I think you should go back to grade school.
Huh? Really? Change it. Now.